[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/tutorials/advanced/backbones.rst

#####################
Modify used backbones
#####################

<Guidelines for writing>

> It describes how to change hyperparameters and configs. How to use public backbones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to modify hyper-parameters and configurations, as well as how to utilize public backbones.
```
